>> Maximiliano Firtman: Numbers,
let's get into numbers.
You know that numbers in
JavaScript is always a problem,
even if it's part of most
of the JavaScript jokes.
There are a lot of jokes around and
memes around JavaScript,
and most of them are because
of how numbers work.
You know that we don't have integers and
floats, we have just number, and
the precision of that is not really good
because by default it's always a floating
point number even if it's an integer and
it has a limit and blah, blah, blah.
Well, now we have from 2020 BigInt.
A built-in object that provides
a way to represent whole numbers
larger than BigInt long
numbers is to power 2^53-1.
That's actually the largest number that
JavaScript can represent with a number.
And you just write the number with
an n suffix, lowercase n at the end.
And you can apply all the math
operations with only 1, for
example in this case I'm adding 10.
Lets add 1 so we can probably see
this better the ns in 1, okay?
Instead of ending in 0,
it's ending in 1, so it's adding 1.
The thing is that we have a problem.
What if I just wanna add 1?
If I run this, look at this,
I cannot mix BigInts with numbers.
So I have to use converters.
I mean, if it's literal,
I can use an n, okay.
But let's say I have another
variable that is coming from a JSON,
from a server, and it's already a number.
Well, you can convert it into BigInt
just by using this constructor.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And also you
can do the reverse operation in case
the number is not so big, but
you can convert this into a number.
If you take a BigInt,
you can convert it back into a number if
it's within the limits of
the number primitive, okay?
Makes sense?
It's just that, again, you won't
probably use this in a daily base also,
but having minus there, and
some other minor additions around numbers.
So, new methods for example,
is finit, is integer,
is save integer that is
actually been safe or not?
It's kind of weird, but
let's say quickly, that a safe number
is a number that can be represented
by a number without losing position.
It's kind of that, okay?
So you can check if something is or
not safe, if it's a none,
if it's not a number, you have some new
constants for the max safe integer.
So here, have the max safe integer,
integer at the minimum, safe integer, and
after that, you're losing precision.
And now we also have a way to use
separators just for seeing them nicer.
So having those separators, it's
an underscore or not, it's just the same.
So you can have there wherever you want.
So, typically we use it every 3D sheets,
but you don't need to, okay?
It's just a character that will be ignored
by the parser when it's within the number.
Typically four thousand separators.
It's just that.